in this video I'm going to show you how
to make the smoked salmon sushi roll
what you're going to need to make the
smoked salmon sushi roll is half a sheet
of nori some mascarpone some fresh
salmon 150 grams of cooked sushi rice
some cling film 2 rolling maps one
inside a plastic bag one its own some
avocado and some smoked salmon this is
the prime cut of the smoked salmon and
of course an extremely sharp knife now
if you don't know how to make the sushi
rice please click here now now you
simply just spread it out now try not to
squish it down too much just fluff it
out slightly
otherwise you'll destroy the rice and
you want to keep the individual pieces
of rice now what you want to do is you
flip it up put it on top of the plastic
bag sushi mat now you add some
mascarpone
you add your avocado and a piece of
fresh sound now to roll you simply curl
over the mat apply pressure sealing it
and now you simply move forward over it
and then just one more time like this
just to get the right shape and that's
it voila
now you simply add a little bit more
mascarpone on top to make sure that the
salmon sticks properly no only some it's
falling off for some buddies now you
place the salmon over it is the best cut
of the sound
there's no imperfections it's perfect
now you add some cling film over it so
that when you cut it it all stays
perfectly shaped up you press down the
cling film with a sushi mat ensures that
they all stay together now you slightly
wet your knife so the rice is not stick
to it and what you do is you cut off the
end pieces okay this will be discarded
now you simply slice in half you slice
your half into quarters and now you
slice your quarters into eighths
giving you eight pieces and to to throw
away
beautiful
you